added docs improvements (#139)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/exporters/github-exporter/self-hosted-installation.md

| `PORT_CLIENT_SECRET` | Port client secret for interacting with the API                                                                                     |
| `PRIVATE_KEY`        | A base64 encoded private key, you can get the private key base64 value by running the command `base64 -i private-key-file-path.pem` |     |

## Health check route

> A health check is a route that is used to check the health of a service. It is a way to ensure that the service is running properly and can perform its intended function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A health check is a route that is used to check the health of a service. It is a means to ensure that the service is running properly and can perform its intended function.
```

> Our GitHub App image exposes such a route at `https://host:port/health` for you to be able to monitor its status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our GitHub App image previews such routes at `https://host:port/health` for you to be able to monitor its status.
```
